# BarganningApp
--------------------------

## Introduction 

This android based app is developed with the intention of helping those people who don't have bargaining skills and can easily be conned or for those people who have moved to a new town or city and are looking for a local guide who can help them to shop for their requirements.
We have incorporated features of both types of user i.e Shopper and Negotiator in a single app and on the basis of their registration email we segregate them into respective class.

## Shopper Side

This side of the app focuses on providing the best in class functionalities to the shopper with a clean and interactive user interface which is easy to use and navigate through the entire application as the simple user interface makes it very self-explanatory.

As soon as you log in to the shopper side of the application, we can see that the shopper dashboard displays some of the hot and exclusive sales for the users of our application. Below that there is a list of the nearby negotiators in the 8km radius thus reducing the task of the shopper to manually enter his location again and again.
As we care for users ease of searching we still provide the user to toggle between locations so that if he wants to shop at a different location even then he will be able to use our service without actually moving to the location physically.
The bottom toolbar provides functionalities like accessing his/her wallet, a community of shoppers, and his/her favorite negotiator. 

### Search Filters

We have applied search filters where ever necessary to optimize the user experience thus showing only relevant contents as per the user's requirements thus providing a hassle-free service.

### ChatBox

We have our very own chatbox to facilitate the conversation between the negotiator and shopper thus we don't have a dependency on any third party application.
Chatbox has the functionality to propose a meet to the negotiator and within the chat app itself on the negotiator side, the negotiator has the right to accept or reject the meet. rejecting the meet will reduce the acceptance percentage of the negotiator and will be reflected in the negotiator list.  



###  Wallet

* Shopper's side wallet is our very mobile wallet. We as a developer chose to not go with any of the existing SDK's for our application thus we build our very own Qr scanner and generator to be as independent as possible.
On the shopper side, we have provided the functionality of scanning a valid QR code generated by our QR generator.
After successful scanning of the QR, the shopper is asked to enter the amount which the negotiator helped to save him on the purchase of the good. Then using this amount we calculate the amount that needs to be paid to the respective negotiator as per the percentage set by the product owner and thus making a successful transaction.

* The second functionality in the wallet is to add money to the mobile wallet from his bank account.

* Third functionality is to view all the transactions made by the shopper till day today. It is similar to the passbook feature provided the banks to their customers.

### Rate and Review

This feature allows the shopper to rate the negotiators thus helping the other user to decide whether the negotiator is suitable to provide the service or not i.e it provides an overall satisfaction status of the shopper and the reviews allows the product owner to decide whether the negotiator is doing a satisfactory job or not and also helps the product owner to decide whether to increase his profit margin or not . 

## Negotiator Side

This side of the application focuses on the need of the negotiators like his current rating, the total number of completed transactions, previous transaction details, etc. As soon as you log in as a negotiator you will see your homepage with all these basic functionalities. You can toggle between your profile, transactions, chats, etc.

## Some tips to create a valid account 

* Make sure you have given the permission to the application to access storage, camera, internet, and location. 
* A valid email id, you will receive a verification link on your registered mail id.(example: test@gmail.com)
* A valid working phone number which is present in the device on which you are using the application.
* Password must be at least 6 characters in length containing an uppercase, lowercase, digits, and special character   @, _.    (password: Aa@1234)

### Team
```
Ayush Kumar 171CO111
Animesh Kumar 171CO108
Manas Gupta 171CO122
Akash Nair 171CO107
Abha Abhay Wadjikar 171CO102
Aditya Rastogi 171CO105
```

